DOC-2463: Added new option `advcode_prettify_getcontent` to Enhanced Code Editor. (#3400)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/partials/configuration/advcode.adoc

  toolbar: 'code',
});
----

[[advcode_prettify_getcontent]]
== `+advcode_prettify_getcontent+`

include::partial$misc/admon-requires-7.3v.adoc[]

> As part of the {productname} 7.3 release, the {pluginname} plugin includes a new option, `advcode_prettify_getcontent`, which is set to `false` by default.
> 
> When this option is set to `true` if will format the HTML code when `editor.getContent` is called.
> 
> This is equivalent when retrieving formatted content by calling `+tinymce.activeEditor.getContent({ prettify: true })+`, regardless of the option's status.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As part of the {productname} 7.3 release, the {pluginname} plugin includes a new option, `advcode_prettify_getcontent`, which is set to `false` by default.

When this option is set to `true` it will format the HTML code when `editor.getContent` is called.

This is equivalent to retrieving formatted content by calling `+tinymce.activeEditor.getContent({ prettify: true })+`, regardless of the option's status.
```

> Type : `boolean`,
> 
> Default: false

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*Type:* `+Boolean+`

*Default value:* `+false+`

*Possible values:* `+true+`, `+false+`
```

== Example: basic setup

[source,js]
----
tinymce.init({
  selector: 'textarea', // change this value according to your HTML
  plugins: 'advcode',

>   advcode_prettify_getcontent: false,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  advcode_prettify_getcontent: true,
```

  toolbar: 'code',
});
----

[IMPORTANT]

> If existing HTML code in the database is not well-formatted or has inconsistent indentation, enabling this option could result in a uniform appearance of the HTML content, but it might also **change the formatting** of previously saved content which maybe undesirable based on specific use case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If existing HTML content in the database is not well-formatted or has inconsistent indentation, enabling this option may **change the formatting** of previously saved content which may be undesirable in some cases.
```

});
----

[[advcode_prettify_getcontent]]
== `+advcode_prettify_getcontent+`

include::partial$misc/admon-requires-7.3v.adoc[]

As part of the {productname} 7.3 release, the {pluginname} plugin includes a new option, `advcode_prettify_getcontent`, which is set to `false` by default.

When this option is set to `true` it will format the HTML code when `editor.getContent` is called.

This is equivalent to retrieving formatted content by calling `+tinymce.activeEditor.getContent({ prettify: true })+`, regardless of the option's status.

*Type:* `+Boolean+`

*Default value:* `+false+`

*Possible values:* `+true+`, `+false+`

== Example: basic setup

[source,js]
----
tinymce.init({
  selector: 'textarea', // change this value according to your HTML
  plugins: 'advcode',
  advcode_prettify_getcontent: true,
  toolbar: 'code',
});
----

[IMPORTANT]
If existing HTML content in the database is not well-formatted or has inconsistent indentation, enabling this option may **change the formatting** of previously saved content which may be undesirable in some cases.

> =======

Author: ```suggestion
```
